Master and Postgraduate Programme
School of Built Environment
      Master of Architecture:
            Intakes: February & September
            Programme Overview:
            The Master of Architecture is a 2 year full-time professional Master’s programme that centres on the advanced study of architecture. It is equivalent to the Lembaga Arkitek Malaysia (LAM) Part 2 Examination. It takes on an integrated approach to learning architecture and adopts the teaching philosophy of ‘innovation and creative problem solving’.
            It aims to develop talented and skilled architects that meets demands of construction industry as well as complies with the objectives of the Council of Architectural Accreditation and Education Malaysia (CAAEM) under the Board of Architect Malaysia. Students will undertake a range of advanced and research-based studio projects supported by knowledge and application of technology and environment, cultural context, management practice and law.
            Programme Aims:
            Master in Architecture is designed to produce talented and skilled human capital that meets the demands of construction industry as well as complies with the objectives of the Council of Architectural Accreditation and Education Malaysia (CAAEM) under the Board of Architects Malaysia.
            Programme Educational Objectives (PEOs):
            Graduates will be able to apply architectural knowledge and skills in professional practice;
            Graduates will be able to apply their abilities in architectural communication and collaborative skills with multi-disciplinary teams in the construction industry;
            Graduates will be able to interpret current architectural issues and apply appropriate solutions.
            Programme Learning Outcomes (PLOs):
            1. Ability to develop ideas through creative and innovative problem solving approach to produce architectural design of suitable complexity and scale that meets functionality, aesthetics and local Acts;
            2. Ability to interpret and analyse design requirements from design brief into functional design;
            3. Ability to apply and integrate knowledge of architectural theories with respect to technology, environment, socioeconomic, socio-cultural, urban design and planning principles in architecture;
            4. Ability to communicate design through advanced architectural presentation;
            5. Ability to work in a team and demonstrate understanding of inputs of other relevant professions within the building industry;
            6. Ability to demonstrate awareness of cost implication in design options;
            7. Ability to demonstrate professionalism and leadership within the framework of architectural practice in the building industry.
            Careers:
            Project Architect / Design Architect / Resident Architect / Conservator / Project Manager / Urban Designer / Architectural Structure Specialist / Interior Designer / Property Developer / Academician / Researcher / Building Information Model Specialist
            Duration of Study:
            Full Time: Minimum 2 years (4 semesters)
            Entry Requirements:
            Applicants for Master of Architecture programme must possess:
            a) A Bachelor’s degree in Architecture from LAM Part 1 accredited programme with minimum CGPA of 2.75 out of 4.00 or its equivalent qualifications as accepted by the University Senate; AND
            b) Successful interview and portfolio assessment; AND
            c) Minimum of six (6) months of working experience in architectural firm, recognised organisation related to architectural field or practice in the construction industry with a proof of employment letter.
            OR
            a) A Bachelor’s degree in Architecture from LAM Part 1 accredited programme with minimum CGPA of 2.50 but less than 2.75 or its equivalent qualifications as accepted by the University Senate; AND
            b) Successful interview and portfolio assessment; AND
            c) Minimum of eighteen (18) months of working experience in architectural firm, recognised organisation related to architectural field or practice in the construction industry with a proof of employment letter.
           
      Master of Construction Management (Coursework):
            INTAKES: February & September                                
            DURATION OF STUDY:
            Full Time: 
            Min 1.5 Years
            Max 3 Years
            Part Time: 
            Min 3 Years, 
            Max 6 Years
            Programme Aims:
            This programme aims to produce graduates who have construction management knowledge and skills to be competent in managing small, medium                   and large-scaled projects either as a construction manager or a project director.
            Programme Objective:
            To utilise advance knowledge and skills in the field of construction management;
            To collaborate to address social, technical and environmental challenges in the field of construction management;
            To apply lifelong learning in a professional and ethical manner within the field of construction management.
            Entry Qualifications:
            A Bachelor Degree in Construction Management or related field, with a minimum CGPA of 2.50; OR
            A Bachelor Degree in Construction Management or related field, with a minimum CGPA of 2.00 and not meeting CGPA of 2.50, can be accepted subject to          rigorous internal assessment; OR
            Candidates without a qualification in a related fields or working experience in the relevant fields must undergo appropriate prerequisite                                            courses determined by the HEP and meet the minimum CGPA based on (i) to (ii).
            Fulfil English Language Requirements for International Students ONLY:
            International English Language Testing System (IELTS) 5.0; OR
            Malaysian University English Test (MUET) Band 3; OR
            Other equivalent qualifications approved by the Senate.

      Master of Science in Construction Management: 
      Master of Science in Architecture:
      Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Construction Management：
      Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Architecture：

School of Engineering & Technology
      Master of Engineering (Research Mode):
            Intakes: March, June, September & December
            Programme Aims:
            The programme aims for an advanced level of knowledge and analysis in scientific work in general and in the field of engineering and technology in particular, the acquisition of a broad scientific training in the creative and inventive approach to the engineering sciences and basic science, and the adoption of an attitude of lifelong learning.  Students must be able to conduct research independently and furnish themselves with solid theoretical foundations and research methodology establishment.
            Programme Objectives:
            To equip graduates with enhanced knowledge, by research work, within the area of engineering;
            To enhance communications skills through presentation and publications; and
            To perform research independently and collaboratively in a professional and ethical manner.
            Details of Programme:
            Master Thesis (Core Major)
            Research Methodology (Compulsory)
            Seminars (Compulsory)
            Engineering related modules
            Duration of Study:
            Full Time
            Minimum: 2 years
            Maximum: 4 years
            Part Time
            Minimum: 3 years
            Maximum: 6 years
            Entry Requirements:
            A Bachelor’s degree in Engineering / Engineering Technology with minimum CGPA of 2.75 out of 4.00 or its equivalent qualifications as accepted by the University Senate; OR
            A Bachelor’s degree in Engineering / Engineering Technology not meeting CGPA of 2.75 but above CGPA of 2.50 out of 4.00 or its equivalent qualifications may be accepted, subject to internal assessment; OR
            A Bachelor’s degree in Engineering / Engineering Technology with CGPA below 2.50 out of 4.00 or its equivalent qualifications may be accepted, subject to a minimum of five (5) years working experience in relevant field;
            Other equivalent qualifications recognised by Malaysian Government.
            
      Master of Science in Applied Sciences (Research Mode):
            Intakes: March, June, September & December
            Programme Aims:
            The Master of Science in Applied Sciences programme aims to produce well-rounded scientist postgraduates with advanced research skills and knowledge, excellent problem-solving skills and capable of creative thinking in a professional learning environment.
            Programme Objectives:
            To equip graduates with enhanced knowledge through research work within the area of science; 
            To be able to communicate effectively through presentation and publications; and
            To perform research independently and collaboratively in a professional and ethical manner.
            Details of Programme:
            Thesis (Core)
            Research Methodology (Compulsory)
            Seminars (Compulsory)
            Duration of Study:
            Full Time:
            Minimum: 2 years
            Maximum: 4 years
            Part Time:
            Minimum: 3 years
            Maximum: 6 years
            Entry Requirements:
            A Bachelor’s degree with minimum CGPA of 2.75 out of 4.00 or its equivalent qualifications as accepted by the University Senate; OR
            A Bachelor’s degree not meeting CGPA of 2.75 but above CGPA of 2.50 out of 4.00 or its equivalent qualifications can be accepted, subject to rigorous internal assessment; OR
            A Bachelor’s degree with CGPA below 2.50 out of 4.00 or its equivalent qualifications may be accepted, subject to a minimum of five (5) years working experience in relevant field; OR
            Other equivalent qualifications recognised by Malaysian Government.

      Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Engineering:
     
      Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Applied Science:

School of Computing & Creative Media          
      Master in Computing:
            Intakes: March, June, September & December
            Programme Overview:
            A Master in Computing program is one of the high levels of academic qualifications one can achieve. This qualification will enable you to develop an advanced understanding of your selected focus area in the discipline of computing, placing you at the forefront of your chosen field of research. Our Master program provides you with opportunities to undertake deep and broad investigation within your chosen computing field and you are encouraged to develop new ideas or employ well thought-out methodologies to produce noteworthy theoretical and practical contributions. You will utilise the best-suited research methodologies to explore and/or test informed ideas. The outcome of your research may include the frontiers of knowledge and you will disseminate the scholarly findings to peers and practitioners, through academic and professional networks, conferences, seminars and even publications. UTS has a dedicated team of academicians and fellow researchers to assist and mentor you along your research journey, as you investigate a topic of your choice. You may pursue a topic or an issue in which you are currently researching within your work place, in which case your Masters can also be of direct relevance to your current employment. Alternatively, you may choose to conduct research in any particular area that you are passionate about.
            Programme Mode
            Research
            Research Specialisations:
            The research specializations for Master in Computing (by Research) are based on the MQA’s program standards. The main research areas are as listed:
            Computer Science
            Information Systems
            Software Engineering
            Information Technology
            Data Science
            Cyber Security  
            Duration of Study:
            Full Time:
            Minimum: 2 years
            Maximum: 4 years
            Part Time:
            Minimum: 3 years
            Maximum: 6 years
            Entry Requirements:
            A Bachelor’s Degree of Computing or in the area of science and technology or related to computing, with a minimum CGPA of 3.00; OR
            A Bachelor’s Degree of Computing or in the area of science and technology or related to computing, with CGPA below 3.00 but above 2.50, can be accepted subject to rigorous internal assessment process; OR
            A Bachelor’s Degree of Computing or in the area of science and technology or related to computing, with CGPA less than 2.50, with a minimum of 5 years working experience in a relevant field may be accepted. OR
            Other Equivalent qualifications recognizes by Malaysia Government.
            Programme Structure:
            The Master program is purely based on individual supervised research. Candidates will be exposed to Research Methodology Course (3 Credits) to strengthen their research knowledge. At the end of the candidate’s study, a thesis must be submitted and upon successful defence, the candidate will be graduated.
            Application Process:
            The stu­dents should famil­iarise them­selves with the details of the pro­gramme they are inter­ested in before apply­ing for admis­sion; please see the School of Postgraduate Studies’ website or con­tact the programme coordinator for fur­ther information.
            We rec­om­mend that where pos­si­ble, prospec­tive stu­dents make con­tact with a suit­able super­vi­sor before for­mally apply­ing for admis­sion. Your com­mu­ni­ca­tion with the poten­tial super­vi­sor will make the process of admis­sion eas­ier for you. Iden­ti­fy­ing an appro­pri­ate project and con­tact­ing a poten­tial super­vi­sor is the first step for a prospec­tive Post­grad­u­ate stu­dent. After that pre­lim­i­nary step has been car­ried out, the next step is to apply for admis­sion through the School of Postgraduate Stud­ies. The details of the admis­sion pro­ce­dure can be found at the School of Graduate Studies’ website at https://uts.edu.my/schools/school-of-postgraduate-studies/
            Program Coordinator :
            Associate Professor Dr Tariq Zaman
            Email: tariqzaman
            Tel : (+6) 084-367300 ext: 520
            *please add @uts.edu.my after email name
            Tuition Fees :
            Local students: ± RM 14,000.00
            International students: ± RM 16,000.00
            Program Structure : 
            The Master program is purely based on individual supervised research. Candidates will be exposed to Research Methodology Course (3 Credits) to strengthen their research knowledge. At the end of the candidate’s study, a thesis must be submitted and upon successful defence, the candidate will be graduated.
      
            Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Computing:

      Corporate Administration and Relations Department (CARD)
            Event Management for the University
            Press Media Liaison for the University
            Graphic Design for the University
            Corporate Administration of the University
            Board of Director’s Secretariat
     