 Vice Chancellor / President :
  Prof. Datuk Dr. Khairuddin Ab. Hamid
  PhD Electronic Systems Eng. (Essex), MSc. Electrical Eng (Hawaii), B. Electrical Eng. (UTM)

Deputy Vice Chancellor (Academic):
  Prof. Ir. Ts. Dr. Mohammad Shahril Bin Osman
  PhD, B. Eng (Hons) Mechanical Engineering (Loughborough)

Registrar:
 Mr Jimmy De Rozario @ Abdul Rahman, CHRC, CHRA, AMC
  BA HR (UPM), Dip. Public Admin (UiTM) 

Registrar:
  Mr Jimmy De Rozario @ Abdul Rahman, CHRC, CHRA, AMC
  BA HR (UPM), Dip. Public Admin (UiTM) 

Dean, School of Built Environment:
  Sr. Dr. Kan Fock Kui
 PhD Quantity Surveying (UTM), MSc in Construction Management (Bath), Dip in Technology (Building) (TARC)

Dean, School of Engineering and Technology:
  Associate Professor Dr. Dayang Siti Hazimmah Binti Ali
  PhD Civil Engineering in Construction Materials (UMP), MSc. in Materials Engineering (USM), B. Eng in Materials Engineering (USM)

Dean, School of Business and Management:
 Assoc. Prof. Dr Winnie Wong Poh Ming
  PhD Marketing (UNIMAS), MBA (UMS), B. Ed (Education with Economics)

Dean, School of Computing & Creative Media:
  Ts. Dr. Alan Ting Huong Yong
  PhD (MMU)

 Dean, School of Foundation Studies:
  Mr Muhammad Afif Abdul Rani
  Master of Science (Hons) in Applied Physics and Master in Theoretical Physics, Bachelor of Science (Hons) Applied Physics

Dean, School of Postgraduate Studies:
 Assoc. Prof. Dr. Mohd Zainal Munshid bin Harun
 Doctor of Business Administration (DBA) (UUM), Master of Business Administration (UUM), BA (Hons) Business Administration & Commerce, De Montfort University, Higher National Diploma (Business and Finance), De Montfort University

Director, Centre for Quality Assurance:
 Dr. Sim Siew Ling
 PhD in Business Management (UTS), MBA in Venture Capital Management (UTM), Bachelor of Business Administration (Finance) (UPM)

Director, Centre for Research & Development:
 Assoc. Prof. Dr Mohd Zahid bin Abidin
 PhD Food Technology (UiTM), MSc Foodnology (USM), BSc Food Technology (USM) 

Director, Centre of University Courses and Innovative Learning :
 Mdm Nadira binti Abdul Rahman
 MSc in Human Resource Development (UNIMAS), Bachelor of Arts in English Language (UPM) 

Director, Centre for Continuing Education & Professional Development 
 Assoc. Prof. Dr Ramli Rashidi
 PhD TEVT (Bremen/UTHM), MSc HRD (UPM), B. Eng E&E (Brighton, England) 

 Director, Centre for International Relations
 Ts. Gary Loh Chee Wyai 
 MSc in Computer Science (UNIMAS), Bachelor of Computer Science (Hons) (UNIMAS) 

Director, Centre of Publication (UTS Publisher)
 Associate Professor Dr. Muhammad Firdaus Abong Bin Abdullah
 PhD., MSc. (Industrial Design), Loughborough University, UK, B.A. (Art & Design), UiTM

Chief Librarian Academic Resource Centre
  Ms Roselind Ak Duat
  Bachelor Library & Information (UiTM) 

Head of Corporate & Relations Department
 Mr Mohd Ian Daim bin Mahmud
 Bachelor of Corporate Administration (Hons) (UITM)

Head of Human Capital & Admin Department
 Mdm Nurfaezah binti Sharif
 Bachelor in Human Resource Development (UNIMAS)

Head of Academic Affairs & Registry Department
 Mdm Aspa Aida binti Mohamad
 Bachelor Science in Human Development (UPM)

Head of Information Technology
 Mr Shukri Abdul Rahman
  B. Computer Info System Eng (IIUM) 

Head of Maintenance & Security
 Mr Lau Hwi Sung
 B. Commerce (Windsor, Canada) 

Head of Account / Finance
 Ms Su Yew Ching
 B. Commerce Major in Accounting (Queensland, Australia), CA (MIA), CPA Australia

Head of Student Development & Services 
 Mr Lu Yew King
 B. Eng Mechanical (Brighton, England) 

Head of Marketing & Student Recruitment (Kuching)
 Mr Lau Wee Ming
 Master of Science (Marketing), B. of Business Management (Marketing)

Head of Marketing & Student Recruitment (Sibu)
 Mr Shahminan Bin Samion
 B. of Business Administration (Hons) Majoring in Human Resource Management

Centre for Quality Assurance (CQA)
 Welcome to UTS CQA website! Greetings from UTS, Sibu, Sarawak. We are proud that we have achieved our goal to be a full-fledged university in 2021. With the new status we continue to work hard in order to be the University of Choice by students, academics, researchers and industry in Sarawak and the region.
 In the past years (in 2019) we have achieved our goal on Excellent University Status (Tier 4) in SETARA Rating which encouraged us to strive further to achieve our mission of providing world-class educational programs and learning environment by; Providing conducive working and learning environment for the students and staff , Promoting  high student engagements , Supporting student development and alumni , Ensuring quality teaching and learning.
 Thus, we do your utmost to support the schools and academic staff to transform teaching and learning through creativity and innovation, making learning a “fun” and fruitful activities for both academic staff and students. One main important function of CQA is to ensure high quality of teaching and learning, which is in line with the 21st Century new pedagogical approach and emphasising the use of the latest state of the arts technology, in teaching and learning. To achieve this, we have ensured that learning space and environment have good ambience and relevant to current needs in teaching and learning. CQA also conducts internal audits to ensure programmes are ready for external accreditation process, and contents as well for the purpose of continuous quality improvement.
 Although CQA is only manned with two personnel, we are working hard to provide administrative, guidance and support for quality assurance to the schools and other supporting departments. CQA in close collaboration with the Human Capital Department, also provides pedagogy courses for new academic staff to ensure that common aspirations are shared by all with regards to cultivating “excellent practice” in teaching and learning. In the coming future, CQA will implement and monitor ISO 9001 certification for UTS. Facing new tasks and challenges are positive signs of expansion, growth and improvement. The key to a successful institution is the willingness to change and adapt, and most of all putting quality as the priority. The most important goal of CQA is to instil institutional and public confidence in UTS academic standards and I am extremely honoured to be part of the continuous efforts to elevate UTS at the highest level in teaching and learning.